README.md, before:

# extendible-hashing
An old project from my university days refreshed to modern C++, with automated testing added

- Catch2 is used for testing. (Not included in this repo.)
- GoogleTest is also used for testing.

Basic compiliation and running notes:
```
make [catch2test] [gtest]
```
Running catch2 tests:
```
./catch2test
```
Running googletest tests:
```
./gtest
```
Cleaning up
```
make clean
```

# Status
- bit operations library compiled and has tests
  - some tests with catch2
  - more tests with googletest (better coverage)
- indexholder discovered to not even be calling any bit_op_lib functions, however! I probably had intended to refactor common operations into it, but never completed the job.
  - next step is to add tests on indexholder, and fix bugs
  - then change indexholder implementation to use bit_op_lib

# TODO

- Complete port of the bit operations library, with tests
- Add a trimmed down Vagrantfile with just the necessary items to build and run

# NOTES
- some references I found useful for setting up googletest
  - http://xvideos.hatenablog.com/entry/2014/11/24/022149
  - http://xvideos.hatenablog.com/entry/google_test_in_project
  - https://qiita.com/tjun/items/8047bf50930e6de36bdc
- the best article I found about creating generic Makefiles
  - https://latedev.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/generic-makefiles-with-gcc-and-gnu-make/
  - https://latedev.wordpress.com/2014/12/02/generic-makefiles-with-gcc-and-gnu-make-part-2/

Commit message:

cautions about indexholder interface, and test fixes

README.md, after:

# extendible-hashing
An old project from my university days refreshed to modern C++, with automated testing added

- Catch2 is used for testing. (Not included in this repo.)
- GoogleTest is also used for testing.

Basic compiliation and running notes:
```
make [catch2test] [gtest]
```
Running catch2 tests:
```
./catch2test
```
Running googletest tests:
```
./gtest
```
Cleaning up
```
make clean
```

# Status
- bit operations library compiled and has tests
  - some tests with catch2
  - more tests with googletest (better coverage)
- indexholder discovered to not even be calling any bit_op_lib functions, however! I probably had intended to refactor common operations into it, but never completed the job.
  - next step is to add tests on indexholder, and fix bugs
  - then change indexholder implementation to use bit_op_lib
  - indexholder interface is unclear
    - initial tests were failing, but after understanding the expected usage, resolved it
	- rejuvenating this old code is an exercise, but typically something should be done about the interface
	  - documentation at minimum, alternatively a better interface / implementation would be best

# TODO
- Complete port of the bit operations library, with tests
- Complete port and tests of indexholder
- Add a trimmed down Vagrantfile with just the necessary items to build and run

# NOTES
- some references I found useful for setting up googletest
  - http://xvideos.hatenablog.com/entry/2014/11/24/022149
  - http://xvideos.hatenablog.com/entry/google_test_in_project
  - https://qiita.com/tjun/items/8047bf50930e6de36bdc
- the best article I found about creating generic Makefiles
  - https://latedev.wordpress.com/2014/11/08/generic-makefiles-with-gcc-and-gnu-make/
  - https://latedev.wordpress.com/2014/12/02/generic-makefiles-with-gcc-and-gnu-make-part-2/
